1. first download the whole folder from github or clone it in your desktop.
2. First run the python-2.7.6.msi
3. Then run all the executable file with extension (.exe)
4. 
	a.Now go in setuptools-11.3 folder. 
	b.open command window here by pressing shift and right click. 
	c.Select "Open Command Window Here". 
 	d.Now run the following command:
		python setup.py install
5. 
	a. Go to dist folder
	b. There will be some folders
	c. Now go inside each folder.
	d. open command window as before
	e. run the command:
		python setup.py install

6.During python setup, the default location for python be 'C:\Python27'
7.go to pythonnet-2.0.0.dev1-cp27-none-win32 folder 
8.copy clr.pyd and Python.Runtime.dll
9.paste it under the DLLs folder under python setup folder. Default should be 'C:\Python27\DLLs'

Now you are good to run Runmanager.py and enjoy automation testing



If you do not have git first you have to give a git setup,follow this instruction:

1. Run The Git-1.9.4-preview20140815.exe file.
2. Now after setting up git you will have to open your github account. For sign up go to www.github.com and sign up for free.
3. Now set up the git config email and user name:
	user the github email and username as you give when you sign up for github.com
	a. right click and select 'Git Bash Here'
	b. run this following command:
		git config --global user.name "your user name"
	c. Now run this command to check if your user name is okay.
		git config --global user.name
	d. set up the email by the following command:
		git config --global user.email "your email"
	e. check the email is okay
		git config --global user.email
4. Set up the third party git client named tortorisegit
	if your os is 32 bit run TortoiseGit-1.8.12.0-32bit.msi
	if your os is 64 bit run TortoiseGit-1.8.12.0-64bit.msi
5. Go to the following link:
	https://github.com/AutomationSolutionz/Framework_0.1/
	
6. Copy the HTTPS Clone URL on the right side of the page. The default should be : https://github.com/AutomationSolutionz/Framework_0.1.git
7. Now right click on desktop and select 'Git Clone..'
8. Select the directory you want to keep your code.
9. After cloning the whole framework go to Framework_0.1\Automationz\Framework_0.1 folder  and make sure your postgresql database is setup properly or contact shibly vai as I showed him that day.
10. Now run start_django.bat file
11. This will start the server I showed you in the demo.
12. For now login with username:riz and password: . 